Add some docs (#9)
kontena/kubelet-rubber-stamp: README.md

4. Kubelet fetches the certificate
5. Kubelet auto-rotates certs, goto 2 :)

## Kubelet configuration

To enable kubelet serving certificate bootstrapping you need to set `serverTLSBootstrap: true` in kubelet [configuration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/) file. That will enable kubelet to start the automated bootsrapping process.

## Validation

> Once kubelet, api-server and kubelet-rubber-stamp have all played nice and kubelet has gotten hold of the automatically bootsrapped, you can verfiy it using several ways. Kubelet stores certificates it uses on disk, under `/var/lib/kubelet/pki`:

Reviewer: > gotten hold of the automatically bootsrapped, you can

I think a word is missing before the comma

```sh
root@cluster-worker-4:~# ls -lah /var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-server-*
-rw------- 1 root root 1.2K Mar  6 09:46 /var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-server-2019-03-06-09-46-48.pem
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root   59 Mar  6 09:46 /var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-server-current.pem -> /var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-server-2019-03-06-09-46-48.pem
```

> Another way of validating is to peak at the kubelet API which certificate it offers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way of validating is to peek into the kubelet API to see which certificate it offers:
```

```sh
root@cluster-worker-4:~# openssl s_client -showcerts -connect localhost:10250 </dev/null
...
```

> Check that the certificate kubelet offers in itäs API is signed by control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that the certificate kubelet offers in it's API is signed by control plane.
```
